Status/2025Q3/freebsd-git-weekly.adoc: Add report (#546)
freebsd/freebsd-doc: website/content/en/status/report-2025-07-2025-09/freebsd-git-weekly.adoc

=== FreeBSD Git Weekly

links: +
link:https://freebsd-git-weekly.tarsnap.net/[FreeBSD Git Weekly] URL: link:https://freebsd-git-weekly.tarsnap.net/[]

Contact: Graham Percival <gperciva@tarsnap.com>

> These are weekly lists of commits to the link:https://cgit.freebsd.org/src/[FreeBSD source tree], split into categories such as "documentation", "hardware support", "testing", and "kernel".

Reviewer: Subject is unclear: who is "These"?

```suggestion
FreeBSD Git Weekly is a project that builds weekly lists of commits to the link:https://cgit.freebsd.org/src/[FreeBSD source tree], split into categories such as "documentation", "hardware support", "testing", and "kernel".
```

> Our goal is to make it easier for developers and users to keep track of changes in FreeBSD that are relevant to them, without needing to subscribe to the dev-commits-src-main mailing list and look at every single commit which lands in their mailbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our goal is to make it easier for developers and users to keep track of changes in FreeBSD that are relevant to them, without needing to subscribe to the mailto:https://lists.freebsd.org/subscription/dev-commits-src-main[dev-commits-src-main] mailing list and look at every single commit which lands in their mailbox.
```
